if you want to start an e-commerce
business here's how you're going to get
your first customers we're going to
build a content strategy that focuses on
getting people to know you like you
trust you and buy from you let me show
you an example the best way to get
people to know you in 2022 is using
short form video like tick tock or ig
reels in this way you can get lots of
views and likes and when people follow
you you know they're ready to move to
the next step here's an example from my
friend anne's toy shop she creates
relatable content not product based
content for her target audience of
fellow moms once people like you you can
use tick tock and then instagram posts
to get them to engage with you comment
for your profile and hopefully visit
your website so they can go to the next
step in anne's business this is where
she starts to show how unique her
products are and why people should want
to trust her and buy from her now once
people trust you enough to go to your
website this is where it really differs
from a services based business when
you're a service provider you talk
potential customers through to the sale
but your website for an e-commerce
business has to do that for you that's
why conversion rate optimization is so
important like offering live chat
flexible payment options clear shipping
expectations at this stage the goal is
to get people to engage with your
products and spend time on your site so
that they add to cart once they're ready
to buy you have to offer free shipping
i'm just the messenger upsell and
cross-sell at checkout and encourage
ongoing loyalty to make revenue and once
your conversion rate and average order
value are high enough you can start to
run ads you can steal this content
template at the link in my bio